project directors: responsibilities (#250)
rust-lang/leadership-council: roles/rust-foundation-project-director.md

The Board of Directors sets the direction of the Rust Foundation. Among the mechanisms the Board has to do this is hiring and overseeing the Executive Director, who is responsible for the day-to-day operations of the Foundation.

[^directors]: Please refer to [Rust Foundation Director Roles & Responsibilities] for components of the role description that apply to all Foundation Board Directors.
[^liability]: While this sounds daunting, the Foundation has insurance to protect the Directors from legal action brought against the faction. As long as Directors carry out their board duties in good faith, to the best of their abilities, and with the best interests of the Foundation in mind, they are protected by this insurance.
[^establishment]: The Project Directors specifically are established by the [Section 4.3(d)] of the Foundation's By-laws to represent the "Individual Members" of the Foundation. Individual members are defined as those in "the governing body of the Rust project" ([Section 2.2]), currently the Leadership Council.

>     By analogy, Project Directors are to the Leadership Council what Google's Platinum Member Director is to Google, for example. This isn't exactly right, as the Rust Project is distinct as a constituent of the Foundation, as the Foundation exists explicitly to serve the Rust Project, but does not exist to serve its member organisations (outwith stipulations of membership)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    By analogy, Project Directors are to the Leadership Council what Google's Platinum Member Director is to Google, in the sense that they represent the Council's (and by extension the Project's) interests in the Rust Foundation. Although it should be noted the Rust Project is distinct from member organizations of the Rust Foundation, as the Foundation exists explicitly to serve the Rust Project, but does not exist to serve its member organisations (outwith stipulations of membership)
```
Maybe that's a bit clearer? It sounded weird to have "this isn't exactly right" in the sentence.

We do not have a hard and fast number for the income threshold for disclosing as a contractor. Arguments can be made for/against almost any number, and we could disappear down a rabbit hole trying to make rules that apply to every individuals' financial circumstances. We don't want to be over-the-top, and we certainly don't want to get into a "prove your income" scenario. Our hope is that candidates take a sensible, err on the side of disclosure approach, looking at their income and asking: "realistically, if I do not disclose this affiliation, but it comes out later, will the wider community interpret that as a deliberate act of concealment / a way of gaining corporate influence by stealth" etc. This is not only to protect the Foundation's reputation, it is to protect the reputation of the PDs and the companies that they act for. Transparency is an important principle of the Foundation, and we hope that anyone considering taking a prominent role governing the Foundation would want to lean in to that.

> If you have contracts that include discretion or non-disclosure agreements, and those may be considered a conflict of interest, please consult with the Foundation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have contracts that include discretion or nondisclosure agreements, and those may be considered a conflict of interest, please consult with the Foundation.
```

("nondisclosure" is correct; there's no reason to change this line from the original.)
